Mike Pence vice-president the United
State and whatever the exact opposite of
a Silver Fox is I'm gonna go with action
weasel and if you're wondering why talk
about pence well with all the recent
focus on who Trump is firing in the
White House it is worth remembering the
one person that that cannot actually
happen to president Trump cannot but see
mr. pence as the indispensable man in
his inner circle he is brett by statute
the one person in the West Wing to whom
Donald Trump cannot say you're fired
that is true now while in many ways
pence is like any other Trump employee
ethically compromised creeps the
out by Jared and subjected to all sorts
of unwanted physical contact hence is
constitutionally the only official in
the White House that Trump can't fire
and that is worrisome because he is
synonymous with some extreme positions
like his opposition to abortion and gay
rights just listen to our osa who
remember had first-hand experience
working with him we would be begging for
days of Trump back if pence became
president that's all of this game he's
extreme I'm Christian I love Jesus
but he thinks Jesus tells him to say
thanks
Jesus I say that she's right Omarosa is
right there also I'm pretty sure the
original titles of the new and Old
Testaments were Jesus said this and
Jesus I say that so
so if Pence is that terrifying tonight
let's take a look at him and and if
there are any Mike Pence supporters
watching this I cannot promise that he
is going to come out of tonight's show
looking great but I can promise that I
will say something nice about him before
this piece is over you have my word on
that
so let's begin Pence's reputation is as
the old boring principal to contrast to
Donald Trump but the truth is he's been
more than willing to defend the
indefensible and while all politicians
equivocate Pence is exceptionally good
at dodging tough questions just look at
this interview from just after Trump
tweeted entirely falsely that he had won
the popular vote if you just deducted
the millions of people who voted
illegally watch how many times pence
refuses to engage in the premise of the
question that statement is false why is
it responsible to make it well I think I
think the president-elect just wants a
call to call to attention the fact that
that there has been evidence over over
many years of fraud and and and
expressing that reality the Pew Research
Center found evidence of that four years
ago as certainly certainly his right but
you know it's his right to make false
statements well it's it's his right to
express his opinion as a president-elect
to the United States I think one of the
things that's refreshing about our
president-elect and the it's one of the
reasons why I think he made such an
incredible connection with people all
across this country is because he he
tells you what's on his mind but why
make false statements well look I don't
know that that is a false statement
George and neither do you but yes you do
though because everyone knows that
statement was which is why it's
a little alarming that pence would be so
willing to defend a complete lie by
calling it refreshing because if that's
the standard you can say all sorts of
things in the names of refreshment you
could say Mike Pence spent four hundred
thousand dollars having his penis
replaced with a marshmallow peep is that
true who knows but try telling me you're
not refreshed hearing about it
but despite lies like that pence is
well-liked among evangelical voters
eight out of ten of whom voted for the
Trump pence ticket and he does have
impeccable credentials as a social
conservative pence used to have a local
radio show the Mike Pence show in the
90s where he sounded off on hot-button
issues and while current pence is
controlled and polished back then he was
surprisingly animated just listen to him
address one day's topic with some real
contempt in his voice early in the week
we talked about whether or not it was
time to rethink this whole business of
women in the military what the is
that toe he's saying women in the
military with the same perm you skeptics
as we used to describe this whole
business of dinosaurs in medical school
or chair in the starting lineup for the
Cleveland Cavaliers she's a bench player
at best you restrict her minutes we all
know that look
he wasn't just being provocative there
he means it two years later pence wrote
an editorial attacking the Disney film
Mulan for showing a woman in combat
concluding women in military bad idea
and if you're thinking well well come on
he grew up in the 1950s it's just a
generational thing no he didn't he's 58
years old Pence is three months younger
than flavor flake who has no
excuse there
and that was just one of many ludicrous
opinions that pentas expressed over the
years he also argued for the teaching of
intelligent design in schools he
expressed they hoped to consign Roe
versus Wade to the ash heap of history
and as governor of Indiana responded to
an HIV outbreak among drug users by
dragging his feet on allowing needle
exchange programs during which time he
said he was going to go home and pray on
it which and I realize this isn't
necessarily the most relevant criticism
here but can't you do that from the
office but perhaps the issue Pence is
most associated with is his hostility to
LGBT rights and it is not just me saying
that his boss seems to think so too
The New Yorker setting a campaign
staffer reports that behind closed doors
Trump had a habit of mocking Vice
President Mike Pence's religiosity when
the conversation turned to gay rights
Trump motion towards pence and joked
don't ask that guy you want to hang them
all look look Trump is clearly joking
about that but it is also the kind of
punch line that only works if we all
know the premise behind it to be true
like jokes about terrible airline food
or bad breakups or how people from
Toronto a terrified of hard boiled eggs
their jokes based on universal knowledge
we all agree on and the truth is pence
is not and has never been a friend of
the gay community over the years he
sport anti-discrimination laws that
would have protected them
he's also opposed allowing gays to serve
in the military openly or otherwise with
his campaigns website saying
homosexuality is incompatible with
military service and he wants defended
the sanctity of marriage in another
surprisingly passionate speech marriage
was ordained by God instituted in the
law is the glue of the American family
and the safest harbor to raise children
and it must be defended against the
onslaught of the left in the Congress in
the courts and if need be in the
Constitution of the United States of
America
holy if if if I may quote one of
America's greatest philosophers when
pence made national news by signing a
controversial Religious Freedom
Restoration Act which many felt enable
businesses to discriminate on the basis
of sexuality and realloc Xander and her
wife Cynthia believe it's an invitation
to discriminate by refusing service you
know we don't know what restaurants or
what stores we can go into and you know
not be turned away and have to suffer
you know that's degrading it's
embarrassing exactly people were afraid
of being turned away from restaurants
and it is bad enough for someone to
privately dislike you for your sexuality
but it's even worse to be publicly told
that you are too gay for waffles and and
yet and yet when this possibility was
raised to pence by his arch nemesis
George Stephanopoulos he refused to even
engage in the question so yes or no if a
florist in Indiana refuses to serve a
gay couple at their wedding is that
legal now in Indiana George this is this
is where this debate has gone with with
misinformation and it's just a question
sir yes well well this there's been
shameless rhetoric about my state and
about this law and about its intention
all over the Internet do you think it
should be legal in the state of Indiana
to discriminate against gays or lesbians
George it's a yes or no question come on
Hoosiers don't believe in discrimination
that's neither the word yes
nor the word no it's the word Hoosier
which isn't an answer to any question
besides what's a good derogatory slang
term for an owl with a drinking problem
look at yourself you're Hoosier you're
gonna go fly into a tree get
your life together
Hoosier but while Hoosiers may
not believe in discrimination Mike Pence
clearly does and yet interestingly one
specific allegation he's pushed back on
concerns whether or not he supported gay
conversion therapy a question the
frankly didn't come out of nowhere when
Mike Pence ran for Congress in Indiana
in the 1990s his campaign agenda
included this resources should be
directed toward those institutions which
provide assistance to those seeking to
change their sexual behavior according
to the vice president spokesperson mr.
pence did not and does not support gay
conversion therapy okay
well I personally find that denial
complete horseshit I will acknowledge
that the language on his website was
very carefully worded it does give him
an escape and his denial is the grossest
effort I've seen to reverse a decision
made in the early orts apart from
Russell Crowe's actual upcoming divorce
auction to settle his 2003 marriage it
is called Russell Crowe the art of
divorce it's real and it's amazing and
you can buy items such as this leather
jock strap used during the filming of
Cinderella Man will we be stupid enough
to bid on that I don't know why don't
you ask one of our five wax presidents
the point here is that's not the point
the point here is pence denies
supporting conversion therapy but that's
a little hard to take considering how
much he is praised someone closely
associated with it because one of his
mentor's is the notorious homophobe
James Dobson and if you are not familiar
with him I'll let him introduce himself
in a truly unsettling way I represent an
organization called
focus on a family which a three year old
one time called pocus and the fanny you
know that's not far off from what we're
trying to do in some ways I guess you
could say we're thrusting ourselves into
the whole of American spiritual life and
reaching around to grab the temples of
secular decadence because that's what
Focus on the Family is all about having
gay sex that's right reducing the rate
of gay sex by at least half the the
organization the Dobson founded Focus on
the Family has a history of promoting
conversion therapy for a decade if
sponsored a conference addressing
understanding and preventing
homosexuality called love one out which
could not sound any more like a
euphemism for masturbating as in all
this talk of being poked in the fanny
really makes me want to go and love one
out Dobson Dobson also wrote a book
titled marriage under fire in which he
stated Focus on the Family promotes the
truth that homosexuality is preventable
and treatable and he produced a video
series in which he elaborated on that
theme we want to talk about the
prevention and treatment of
homosexuality in boys they're more than
a thousand who are being treated at any
given time for homosexuality they don't
all change it's not easy to change I
don't want to imply that it's just a
simple thing you just decide you're not
gonna be homosexual anymore no there are
deeply rooted factors that account for
this and they are tough to whip now
obviously there is no such thing as the
homosexual agenda but if there were
whipping bad boys by the thousands
wouldn't not be on it now now Dobson
left Focus on the Family in
2010 and they have since claimed that
they have softened their message but if
you go to their website right now you
will find articles like when a loved one
says I'm gay the stages of grief and why
we support sexual orientation change
efforts not to mention the fact that
their logo still features a child who
dismembered to her parents and is
holding their severed arms aloft in some
sort of gruesome impish victory dance
and I think that's just sick so while
pants may claim that he did not and does
not support gay conversion therapy he
very much supports those who support his
because just last year as vice president
he was in Colorado saying this it is
great to be here on the 40th anniversary
of Focus on the Family allow me to
acknowledge the founder of this ministry
a man who became the author of an
enormous body of work that has inspired
millions and he's been a friend and a
mentor to me dr. James Dobson look
saying you don't support conversion
therapy and then calling Dobson your
mentor is like saying you're a staunch
vegetarian and a law abiding citizen and
by the way please meet my lifelong
friend and mentor the Hamburglar
and pence is not saying that as a city
radio host or an Indiana congressman he
say it as vice president of the United
States in which role he also presented
Dobson with an award just last June and
that is appalling and all this makes it
even more galling that at the start of
this piece I promised that I would
mention one thing that I liked about
pence and look a promise is a promise so
through gritted teeth here it is I kind
of like his rabbit I really genuinely do
and also I'm not the only one the vice
president and his wife could kiss their
audiences attention goodbye once Marlin
bundo was introduced that's right the
pen C's have a pet rabbit and his name
is Marlon Banda which again it kills me
to say this is an objectively good name
for a bunny
and Marlin boldo is a great rabbit he
has his own Instagram account here is
making an important phone call here he
is making another one this time using a
landline and here he's posing next to a
strangely appropriate sign that says if
you met my family you would understand
here's the thing Garland I haven't yet I
still do
the point is Marlin fondo is the most
likable thing about an otherwise
unlikable man look how George W Bush is
a perfectly fine painter or how Bill
Cosby raised awareness Americans
awareness of pudding or how Roger Ailes
is dead sometimes we can't deny but
there's one thing you like about someone
and bondo is actually about to get even
more attention the first tell-all book
to come out of the current White House
is hopping into bookstores Marlin bundo
the pet rapid a vice president Mike
Pence there he's signing a deal to
publish Marlin bundles a day in the life
of the vice president that is true
Marlin bando has a children's book
coming out this is it it's being
released tomorrow there's even going to
be a book tour and I would love to say
fine look it's a fun sweet book about a
rabbit who gives a but
unfortunately one of the stops on that
book tour is a focus on the
family
so congratulations pence you even
managed to ruin marlin bond oh now none
of us can enjoy a book about your rabbit
or can we because it turns out in a
complete coincidence we also wrote a
book about Mike Pence's rabbit that has
also been published in fact while he's
out tomorrow
right now now there are a few small
differences between the two books you'll
notice right away that our rabbit has a
bowtie so there's that also our story is
about Marlon bunt Oh falling in love
with another boy rabbits because our
Marlin Bonzo is gay the point is you can
actually bite this book starting right
now at Amazon and at better Bongo book
calm which should be easy enough to
remember if you want the regular Bongo
book with a better bundle book it's a
better bond o book calm all of our
proceeds from dicks are going to The
Trevor Project which provides crisis
intervention services for LGBTQ youth
and aged 90 which works to end the AIDS
epidemic in the United States for those
are two great reasons to buy this book
another is that selling more books than
pence
will probably really piss him off so
that's three great reasons right there
you can also buy an audiobook at
audible.com featuring Jim Parsons Jesse
Tyler Ferguson
Jeff Garlin Ellie Kemper John Lithgow
Jack McBrayer and RuPaul and let me be
completely clear about this this is
actual book for children this is a real
children's book this isn't some adult
book telling Mike Pence to go
himself although in buying it that's
exactly what you would be doing
is a sweet story about Marlon bundle
falling in love and to prove it here is
just a taste
hello my name is Marlon bundo and I am a
bunny this is the story of my very
special day as usual after breakfast I
hopped to the garden to look at the
flowers that is when I saw him the most
beautiful bunny I had ever seen my name
is Marlon I said but my family calls me
Botes it's short for bunny of the United
States it's a long story
my name is Wesley and my family calls me
Wesley said Wesley we went on a long hop
together we hopped through the garden we
hopped right inside the old stuffy house
we hopped through very boring meetings
with very boring people at the end of
our hop
I said Wesley I don't want to hop
without you ever again and Wesley said
that's funny because I never want to hop
without you Marlon bundo ever again and
we both said we will get married and hop
together forever
[Music]
said the stinkbug you can't get married
the stinkbug was in charge
all the animals listen to him even
though he was very stinky oh boy
bunnies don't marry boy bunnies boy
bunnies have to marry girl bunnies but
don't worry we had a plan a plan that
involved all the animals in the garden
and if you want to know how the story
turns out you are going to have to buy
the book please buy it for your children
buy it for any child you know or just
buy it because you know it would annoy
mike pence you've been doing a nice
thing in a really dickish way and isn't
that the dream at the end of the day
again you can find it at better bundle
book con or if you would prefer at the
website focus on the firmly which we
also own now and additionally if you
prefer to donate directly to the trevor
project or 1898 if you make a donation
of 1199 or more you can get a free copy
of the ebook all the information is on
our website we've actually bought copies
but every member of our audience tonight
[Applause]